Beginning Git and GitHub
ISBN-13 (pbk): 978-1-4842-5312-0 ISBN-13 (electronic): 978-1-4842-5313-7
https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4842-5313-7
Copyright © 2020 by Mariot Tsitoara
This work is subject to copyright. All rights are reserved by the Publisher, whether the whole or part of the 
material is concerned, specifically the rights of translation, reprinting, reuse of illustrations, recitation, 
broadcasting, reproduction on microfilms or in any other physical way, and transmission or information 
storage and retrieval, electronic adaptation, computer software, or by similar or dissimilar methodology now 
known or hereafter developed.
Trademarked names, logos, and images may appear in this book. Rather than use a trademark symbol with 
every occurrence of a trademarked name, logo, or image we use the names, logos, and images only in an 
editorial fashion and to the benefit of the trademark owner, with no intention of infringement of the 
trademark. 
The use in this publication of trade names, trademarks, service marks, and similar terms, even if they are not 
identified as such, is not to be taken as an expression of opinion as to whether or not they are subject to 
proprietary rights.
While the advice and information in this book are believed to be true and accurate at the date of publication, 
neither the authors nor the editors nor the publisher can accept any legal responsibility for any errors or 
omissions that may be made. The publisher makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the 
material contained herein.
Managing Director, Apress LLC: Welmoed Spahr
Acquisitions Editor: Louise Corrigan
Development Editor: James Markham
Coordinating Editor: Nancy Chen
Cover designed by eStudioCalamar
Cover image designed by Freepik (www.freepik.com)
Distributed to the book trade worldwide by Springer Science+Business Media New York, 233 Spring Street, 
6th Floor, New York, NY 10013. Phone 1-800-SPRINGER, fax (201) 348-4505, e-mail orders-ny@springersbm.com, or visit www.springeronline.com. Apress Media, LLC is a California LLC and the sole member 
(owner) is Springer Science + Business Media Finance Inc (SSBM Finance Inc). SSBM Finance Inc is a 
Delaware corporation.
For information on translations, please e-mail rights@apress.com, or visit http://www.apress.com/
rights-permissions.
Apress titles may be purchased in bulk for academic, corporate, or promotional use. eBook versions and 
licenses are also available for most titles. For more information, reference our Print and eBook Bulk Sales 
web page at http://www.apress.com/bulk-sales.
Any source code or other supplementary material referenced by the author in this book is available to 
readers on GitHub via the book’s product page, located at www.apress.com/9781484253120. For more 
detailed information, please visit http://www.apress.com/source-code.
Printed on acid-free paper